What's going on?
The moon is still small when it gets older,
Let’s find out who is in charge of the affairs of state?
Hurry, it’s such a pity to ask my husband to wake up yesterday,
Who did it?
Little miss, you just wanted to ask me,
Now the blame is being placed on me again,
It's one of those with my father.
Hurry, Xiaoyue also said something bad,
You just need to adjust your body.
Feel sorry. Listen carefully and you will see all these people.
I asked you to apologize for saying that you don't understand what people are saying.
I have to see you every hour this year.
This is not a thought
It's you who looks at you
Jujujujujujujujujulittle miss
What is it after all?